[doc] Dashboard documentation (#7304)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/dashboard/dashboard-usage.rst

  class C(object):
      def __init__(self):
          self.object_ids = []
      
      def push(self):
          object_id = ray.put("test")
          self.object_ids.append(object_id)
          time.sleep(1)
          return object_id
      
      def clean_memory(self):
          del self.object_ids
          
  @ray.remote
  class D(object):
      def __init__(self):
          self.object_ids = []
  
      def fetch(self):
          c = C.remote()
          
          for idx in range(20):
              ray.show_in_webui("Loop index = {}...".format(idx))
              time.sleep(0.5)
              object_id = ray.get(c.push.remote())
              self.object_ids.append(object_id)  
  
      def clean_memory(self):
          del self.object_ids
  
  d = D.remote()
  _ = d.fetch.remote()

Profiling (Experimental)
--------------------------

.. note::

  Currently, profiling button works only when you use passwordless `sudo`. 
  Also, it is still experimental and probably not robust enough. Please report issues if you find any problems.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/images/master/docs/dashboard/dashboard-profiling-buttons.png
    :align: center

> Clicking the profling button on the dashboard launches py-spy that times your python program. The timing information will be visualized as flamegraph in a new browser tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking one of the profiling buttons on the dashboard launches py-spy, which will profile your actor process for the given duration. Once the profiling has been done, you can click the "profiling result" button to visualize the profiling information as a flamegraph.
```

> Checkout the example Learning to play Pong on ray documentation: `Pong Example <https://ray.readthedocs.io/en/latest/auto_examples/plot_pong_example.html>`_

Reviewer: Probably not necessary to link to this example.

> Click profiling, and click Profiling result when it is ready. Note that there could be multiple threads in the process and some are ray internal threads and the timing information may not be so interesting. Click the left and right arrow on the middle top to see profiling results on different threads.

Reviewer: I don't think this paragraph is needed.

> Now you can intuitively see where could be the computation bottleneck. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This visualization can help reveal computational bottlenecks.
```
